[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] now today we
are checking out the movie hound dog
starring a young Dakota Fanning as an
intelligent and exuberant Elvis Presley
fan girl named Llewellyn Elvis Presley
helped serve as a hand of hope for
Llewellyn who herself is subject to a
lot of trauma no little girl should have
to go through now this movie is
extremely controversial because of a
rape scene involving Llewellyn but a lot
of you guys requested this movie after
no child of mine to keep that child
abuse theme so honestly this movie is
not that bad at all but anything
controversial is always on the wait list
for this channel so if you want to see
what happens including all the messed up
parts stay tuned for the breakdown well
you know Tyra's green but otherwise our
main character Llewellyn leaves her
friend buddy to a secluded area in these
pretty woods it looks like they are
playing a little game promising to give
buddy a kiss if he shows this thing
y'all know what the thing is but of
course he is scared to show that off so
after he does show what he's got
Llewellyn notices a bruise on his leg
saying she's got a bruise to from
getting hit by her daddy she's not a big
fan of Daddy's no embarrassed and a
little mad
buddy decides to leave well after
Llewellyn gives him the little kiss she
promised after that little game
Llewellyn follows this cute ass doggy
back to her daddy house man I love doggy
so much but um anyway she Sam Fisher's
her way around the area sneaking back in
and solid jumps carrying this woman who
was a girlfriend of her dad her name is
Ellen and it's kind of funny because her
dad's name is Liu so it's like Llewellyn
is a mix of both their names
another thing about Llewellyn is that
she loves her some Elvis even performing
his rendition of the song how
in front of her pops and Ellen we've
been transitioned to Llewellyn and her
actual residence a few feet away from
dad's place she lives with her Elvis
Presley hating grandma who feels that
her pops her mom's can't take care of
her she thinks her pops is a dirty dog
sometimes but speaking of dogs that
doggie from earlier snuck into the
turkey coop with hunger on his money
later next morning Llewellyn bonds with
Ellen but then we hear a gunshot turns
out that pop shot the dog disregarding
how sad Llewellyn would be this is one
of the first traumatizing things for Liu
women but then we see she kind of copes
by singing Elvis we see her singing in
the trees like Tarzan but let's hope she
don't fall down and bust her damn head
ital the one worried because this black
man here named Charles says the same
thing
he also schools her saying the true
african-american origin of the many
songs
Elvis sings but also saying you better
keep singing yourself later though the
one that gets a visitor buddy who says
Elvis is coming to town giving him
another kiss and excitement now this
kiss is gonna represent something
because later during a bath grandma
tells her make sure you don't grow up
too fast when it comes to relationship
with boys okay so I'm guessing the next
day Llewellyn comes over her pops house
to see pop but she is Tess he's Ellen
the one that notices right away that
Ellen got hit by pops giving her a beer
to put on that eye things take a dark
turn though when Ellen says the father
left for good in ain't coming back
saying he left the girl with Ellen
this causes Llewellyn to react damn near
violently and curse at the woman she
calls down though because later at night
she joins Ellen in bed asking if she's
gonna stay
Ellen avoids the question but that
avoidance is another way to say no so
Llewellyn Nix asked if she would take
her along in Ellen agrees to that
request in the morning
Ellen is gone when Llewellyn is awake
after hearing the new
man coming through named Wooden's boy
now we all know Llewellyn is a nice and
extrovert like girl who talks to anybody
with whatever is on her mind but we can
tell that something is off about wooden
boy who stares at her singing Elvis in
bed he's giving off some pedo vibes
later though after some fun in the water
Llewellyn and buddy noticed an abandoned
car rummaging through it like he's
nothing
it turns out though that is getting
towed and actually belongs to Ellen
looks like she was lying about taking
the women along with her she even lies
about knowing Llewellyn definitely a
heartbreak to be lied to and ignored
like that later the girl sits in the
tree again conflicted and traumatised
but Charles sit idle next to her he
brings it to his snake handler place
where she listens to the original
african-american origins of the hound
dog song right here though Jill Scott
plays the original singer of the hound
dog song famous blues singer Big Mama
Thornton well that was a nice little
shout out but days later Lou Ellis pops
finds her at the store and gives her a
new Elvis Presley record later while
it's storming Llewellyn and Buddy hide
in a shed when it starts getting rough
but too bad for dad he gets shrunk by
lightning and suffers intensely on the
ground the grandma comes to the shed
after saying that God shrunk her daddy
down a day later the grandma even
suggests maybe it was her that shrunken
down thinking she and the boy were doing
sexual things that made God angry
luckily though pops is still alive but
he can't [ __ ] it from the accident
those words from her grandma definitely
affected her though because she curves
Bobby Bobby what because she curves
buddy when they hang around one thing
I'm happy about is the presence of this
black man
I meant to say Charles excuse me one
thing I'm happy about is the presence of
Charles because he seems to help her
keep a clean mind even when dirty things
happen all around her practically though
he teaches her that a dead snake always
has the reflexes to still bite
Charles easily refutes all the guilty
and belittling thoughts swimming around
this girl's mind especially regarding
sinning and if it was her fault her dad
almost died later the weather looks for
money to buy a ticket to that Elvis
concert but also finds a picture of
Ellen maybe Ellen has some history with
this family
grandma catches her taking her money and
whips her hand even when she lies about
what she would do with the money not
being able to get that money makes the
girl cry especially since sing Elvis is
what held her head high even with
everything sad going on oh where are my
manners the two kids are stealing fruit
from the yard of a very rich old couple
but then their granddaughter the bureau
who played his orphan comes out in the
streets all the oh geez call her
grasshopper
later that night Llewellyn walks down
the dangerous road when a car comes up
it passes right by but that car is
special because as holding Elvis Presley
himself who blows a kiss to his
number-one fan to get ready to watch
Elvis perform grasshopper gives her a
nice hair makeover and one of her little
dresses but Llewellyn that's a little
too small for you just the existence of
this dress feels conflict when the
grandmother keeps accusing her of
stealing
regardless another day passes by and
buddy tells Llewellyn that Wooden's boy
has a ticket to the Elvis concert y'all
remember him right the milkman who needs
to fix his damn face lame-ass milkman
look I know that sounded rude but after
what we're about to see he deserves
worse than anything I could say well
they just got to pick up the ticket at
this [ __ ] in the to run as fast as they
can
would his [ __ ] is hiding in the corner
saying he will give her two ticket if
she does her little Elvis dance while
she does it he whispers to Buddy telling
him to tell her to do it naked both kids
seem a bit naive to this perversion but
she knows something isn't right about
this especially when bitch-boy
ignores her cries for the ticket instead
taking off his belt so yeah of course
she is pushed to the ground and it's
raped by Wooden's boy this is the scene
that was definitely controversial
especially when you have a child here
acting a part of the scene after would
his boy and buddy leave her behind
like what I'm guessing hours later she
finally gets up from the shed
it's always hard for me to see this walk
the same walk that Jennifer Hills did in
Mari Collingwood and many other girls a
woman out there that have survived such
an evil encounter again like Jennifer
Hills she situates herself alone in an
abandoned car all the way until the next
day
sadly she didn't tell anyone and later
in church not only does she have to
listen to this rock and roll is the
devil's music crap but she also sees
buddy oh you don't get to turn away I
see you're still a child but you let
your friend be taking advantage of me
you didn't even try to give her any
support grasshopper over there laughing
is she - this causes were willing to run
outside and vomit in the bushes after
church is over the dad calls over buddy
and grasshopper unaware of the tensions
between the girl in there and that's
what we hear this [ __ ] who your friend
this is grasshopper buddy's taking me to
see el that's not what oh brother I
don't know I don't know if what's going
on in his little boy's head but if I
were the same age
then he would be catching these hands
okay later that night
Louella sneaks off to listen to this
Elvis concert but her slow father
awakens finding her missing
meanwhile the girl watches his buddy
delivers grasshopper to her people like
I'm truly struggling to understand how
he can watch his friend suffer and then
completely ignore her like she was the
bad guy that's why I need to catch these
damn hands then buddy and his friends
including would his boy play pool at a
hangout then randomly pops stumbles upon
the place naked asking buddy if he's
seen his daughter but the boys just
bullying in with their pool sticks pause
then suddenly the woman pops up like
Namek Goku or sage mode Naruto dragging
her father away back at home dad starts
dancing the hound dog but she starts
screaming at her dad who also squeezed
back saying he can't take it anymore all
this screaming is loud enough to reach
grandma who stays in her deep sleep the
next morning though we see a car roll up
but it's not just anybody driving it's
Ellen who is returned she steps up on
grandma's porch saying mama
meaning Ellen definitely wasn't just
another girlfriend
grandma I'm happy to see her daughter
though and it's revealed that Helen is
definitely the unev Llewellyn now Ellen
wants to actually take care of the girl
but grandma hates her for many reasons
threatening to shoot her if she don't
leave meanwhile Llewellyn biz's Charles
again who helps wrap up a woman she has
obviously telling something is wrong
with her unaware to both of them though
Ellen looks for the girl finding her way
to Charles please after the girl leaves
Charles hears Ellen screaming finding
her on the ground with a bite from a
rattlesnake luckily though she got a bit
near snake anti-venom maker it turns out
though Ellen knows Charles back when
they were kids
Charles stinks Llywelyn he's a mom in LA
back whoof Llewelyn though she seems to
have an illness probably a manifestation
of all the strong emotional trauma she
has then later that night for some
reason buddy and Wooden's boy hang out
around Charles please
they talk about what they did to the
women which is overheard by Charles who
now feels compelled to help out
Llewellyn he sneaks into the girl's
house who was busy hallucinating snakes
all around her he picks her up and takes
her back to his place
asking for her the sing Elvis with him
and a bend he also gives her words of
wisdom to be shrunk and always turned
negative into something positive he lets
her get rid of all her grief out on him
once she lets it all out she comes back
to sing with the band slowly but surely
Charles guys her into recapturing her
shine the next morning he gives her a
parting gift of a rattlesnake rattle and
also gladly she finds a cute little
puppy Edlund roused by two influencing
her to come along with her Llewellyn
goes to check with her dad and grandma
about it but really she's going to say
our last goodbyes to them
she tells her dad that she loves him and
the movie ends as she walks away from
her ignoring grandma and her dad that
got bit by a dead rattlesnake she walks
right back to Ellen's car ready to have
a new life and now I like to believe in
that universe Llewellyn became a very
famous singer and actress so yeah it
probably wasn't that bad but I felt the
controversial scene alone qualifies to
film for this series now when it comes
to a very bleak film y'all should
definitely stay tuned for the video I'll
drop tomorrow so anyway let's talk about
the most History moment and most enjoy
moment in that spooky stuff
[Music]
so let's get right into it the most
disturbed moment is easily the rapeseed
it's half the reason why I did the movie
but I've always said how if there's
raping a film is always usually the most
disturbing moment the most enjoyed
moment is easily for me the ending I'm
glad she can live a life she deserves to
live rather than a life surrounded by
things that have a negative effect on
her now if only Woody's boy was stitched
to somebody's butthole then that would
have made it even better and that's it
all hope you guys enjoyed this video and
if you did make sure you click that damn
like button and clicking right now cuz
some of y'all be accidentally [ __ ]
around and clicking the dislike button I
see y'all here on the left those are
pretty harder for them to take any call
with no child of mine that's a bit
similar to this one here on the right is
probably some random film YouTube things
you should check out thanks for watching
spooky out